hey guys it's tim AKA darkness 429 and
today we're taking a look at some brand
new titanfall 2 content just got back
from sunny California where EA and
respawn brought me out to the response
videos to check out some titanfall 2 on
the PC we've got to play some brand new
game modes that are fan of favorites I
think you guys are me really really
excited for so big thank you to EA and
to respawn for bringing me out we've got
really really appreciate it guys thank
you so much so guys today we're taking a
look at attrition which is a fan
favorite from the original titanfall and
it's back back in titanfall 2 so let me
know down in the comments section below
if you're excited for attrition is it
something that you've really really
wanted what do you guys think let me
know so for those that don't know how
attrition works it is a 6v6 team
deathmatch style game mode but it's got
a twist so pilots can play against each
other and call down your titans but one
of the things that made attrition is so
unique and attractive to players was the
AI that gets called down throughout the
battle so you guys will notice these
drop pods that are falling down if your
nutrition you might not know what's
going on so if you play bounty hunt
during the technical tests you're
somewhat familiar with how attrition
works but throughout the game mode
you'll have these drop pots come down
when AI come out and it really gives a
player this immersion effect it makes
them feel like they're in this large
scale battle that's going on so the the
AI is there and they're playing against
each other they're yelling they're
screaming they're shooting at you
they're shooting at enemies are shooting
at each other you'll notice that though
they'll engage in hand-to-hand combat
maybe one gets injured and starts to
drag his buddy across the ground um it's
some really intense stuff that's going
on and I think that's what made it so
attractive to the the playerbase the
original titanfall and there's a lot of
players that were afraid that respawn
wasn't gonna put this game mode in
titanfall to they thought bounty hunt
was going to be the replacement to
attrition but guys I am so happy to let
you know that attrition in titanfall 2
feels amazing it feels just like it did
in the original titanfall the scoring
systems a little different instead of
going to 300 points or 1 400 points
pilots I'm pretty sure costs now five
points per kill
grunts are too I don't remember what
Titan was it might be six cannot confirm
I have to go back and watch the videos a
little bit more and watch the points as
they scale up after each kill but i'm
pretty sure pilots now cost five and
grunts or two so that's a little
different so they respawn has tweaked
the the point system a little bit
overall points are a little different
first team to 400 points wins or if you
have more points than the enemy team
when the timer runs out you win but it
was just it was a great experience felt
fantastic what was really cool as as the
round progressed the difficulty of the
AI increased very similar how bounty
hunt worked so at the beginning of just
be grunts and then of these specters and
then it keep going all the way to the
end of Reapers so towards the end of the
map you'd have like multiple Reapers
running around on the field which are
very very scary very deadly I think of
them like baby Titans like little baby
Titans that are running around that are
beating the crap out of you so I had a
lot of fun getting to play this on a new
map called Eden now I'm gonna you guys
are gonna see a lot of new abilities a
lot of new weapons and I want to talk
about this map but I don't want to just
want to overload you with too much
information I'm sure a lot of you are
really really excited about attrition so
there's give me a lot more videos and
breakdown videos of these new abilities
of the new maps in game modes so stay
tuned for that make sure hit the stop
button guys again thank you so much for
watching the video thanks for for
commenting really appreciate it if you
enjoy the video make sure to share with
your friends at the thumbs up guys don't
forget a lot more titanfall 2 content
coming down the pipe I've got a bunch of
stuff planned for this week so thank you
so much for watching and I hope I'll see
you in the next video
what a position the waking up in to
proceed over
combination
you are winning this battle keep
fighting
Oh
you should be proud
def I for titanfall
your best interest to stop their
evacuation
you